README.md, before:

# 15b!

Because it's complicated to reason about colours for old consoles when you also 
want them nicely packed, in the right format; it's easier to create a tool to 
create a palette and export it to a file.

## HOW TO

- npm i 
- npm start 
- ???
- make some sweet sweet palettes

## Example of a palette

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1093029/118471041-378f8380-b6ff-11eb-91e5-0399711c9f0c.mov

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/7qCGfU2.png?1" width="1011" />

```C
const unsigned int myPal[10] = {
	0x7e327e31, 0x7e347e33, 0x7e377e35, 0x7e397e38, 0x7e3b7e3a, 0x7e3d7e3c, 0x7e3f7e3e, 0x54117e3f, 0x54137e3f, 0x54157e3f 
};
```

## Current features

- create a 15bit colour and add to a palette
- replace a colour by clicking on it, pick it, modify and click on swap! 
- gradient tool: once you have two colours at least, open the gradient tool, 
  select two adjacent ones, a number of steps, and OK!
- export colours as a C file containing an array with all colours correctly 
  packed – 2 by 2, little indian

## TODO

- randomizer?
- modify all palette colour using some colour algos (hue? tint?)
- load palette from a .pal file?
- save and reuse palette later?

Commit message:

Quick work for a palette importer

README.md, after:

# 15b!

Because it's complicated to reason about colours for old consoles when you also 
want them nicely packed, in the right format; it's easier to create a tool to 
create a palette and export it to a file.

## HOW TO

- npm i 
- npm start 
- ???
- make some sweet sweet palettes

## Example of a palette

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1093029/118471041-378f8380-b6ff-11eb-91e5-0399711c9f0c.mov

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/7qCGfU2.png?1" width="1011" />

```C
const unsigned int myPal[10] = {
	0x7e327e31, 0x7e347e33, 0x7e377e35, 0x7e397e38, 0x7e3b7e3a, 0x7e3d7e3c, 0x7e3f7e3e, 0x54117e3f, 0x54137e3f, 0x54157e3f 
};
```

## Palette in GBA

Example of a palette loaded in palram: 
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/D0GRmOT.png" />

As you can see, our palette in the browwser is way brighter than the resulting 
one in no$gba; this is not because no$gba has a weird colour correction… but
the GBA screen has some gamma correction we need to emulate (and nocash does it
pretty well)

And then you can make very cool a e s t h e t i c s
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/mly7Itb.png" />


## Current features

- create a 15bit colour and add to a palette
- replace a colour by clicking on it, pick it, modify and click on swap! 
- gradient tool: once you have two colours at least, open the gradient tool, 
  select two adjacent ones, a number of steps, and OK!
- luminosity tool: when you need to lighten or darken them colours!
- export colours as a C file containing an array with all colours correctly 
  packed – 2 by 2, little indian
- import a .pal file (WIP: must support different formats)

## TODO

- MOST IMPORTANT: GBA GAMMA CORRECTION!
- randomizer?
- a proper design and UI
- modify all palette colour using some colour algos (hue? tint?)
- load palette from a .pal file?
- save and reuse palette later?
